README.md, before:

# GibsoniaCraft

## About

GibsoniaCraft is a plugin created for a dorm Minecraft server. GibsoniaCraft is partially a remake from the ground up of BradzCraft (a plugin made for a previous dorm server) (Credit: [BradzTech](https://github.com/bradztech)). There are three goals behind GibsoniaCraft:
- To have a custom plugin with desired features for for an otherwise lightweight server
- To begin learning Java
- To begin learning Bukkit API (and subsequent derivatives (-> Spigot -> Paper))

## Features

### Tools

GibsoniaCraft adds new tools to the server. Excavator/Hammer based off of BradzCraft which extends [PowerTool](https://bitbucket.org/bloodyshade/powermining/src/default/) which is based off of [Tinkers' Construct](https://github.com/SlimeKnights/TinkersConstruct). Lumber Axe concept based off of Tinkers' Construct. 

#### Current Features

- Excavator
  - Digs in a 3x3 square based off of the targetted direction
  - Crafted with four of a corresponding tool material in a circle surrounding a shovel
- Hammer
  - Mines in a 3x3 square based off of the targetted direction
  - Crafted with four of a corresponding tool material in a circle surrounding a pickaxe
- Lumber Axe
  - Chops an entire tree from the bottom-up
  - Crafted with four of a corresponding tool material in a circle surrounding an axe
  
#### Current Issues

- Does not account for enchantments
- Hammer/Excavator fails at x=-1 (and likely z=-1)

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

allowed for durability to only decrease with multiple blocks in blocks-list
This does not yet apply for hammers/excavators due to how blocks are added to the utility list.

README.md, after:

# GibsoniaCraft

## About

GibsoniaCraft is a plugin created for a dorm Minecraft server. GibsoniaCraft is partially a remake from the ground up of BradzCraft (a plugin made for a previous dorm server) (Credit: [BradzTech](https://github.com/bradztech)). There are three goals behind GibsoniaCraft:
- To have a custom plugin with desired features for for an otherwise lightweight server
- To begin learning Java
- To begin learning Bukkit API (and subsequent derivatives (-> Spigot -> Paper))

## Features

### Tools

GibsoniaCraft adds new tools to the server. Excavator/Hammer based off of BradzCraft which extends [PowerTool](https://bitbucket.org/bloodyshade/powermining/src/default/) which is based off of [Tinkers' Construct](https://github.com/SlimeKnights/TinkersConstruct). Lumber Axe concept based off of Tinkers' Construct. 

#### Current Features

- Excavator
  - Digs in a 3x3 square based off of the targetted direction
  - Crafted with four of a corresponding tool material in a circle surrounding a shovel
- Hammer
  - Mines in a 3x3 square based off of the targetted direction
  - Crafted with four of a corresponding tool material in a circle surrounding a pickaxe
- Lumber Axe
  - Chops an entire tree from the bottom-up
  - Crafted with four of a corresponding tool material in a circle surrounding an axe
  
#### Current Issues

- Does not account for enchantments
- Hammer/Excavator fails at x=-1 (and likely z=-1)
- Due to the current check for hammer/excavator block adding (originally based off of PowerTool's method), durablity on hammers/excavators will always have extra durability reduction even if only one block was added (will eventually change to only add blocks to list if they are the right type, like with lumber-axe)

## License
[MIT](LICENSE)
